hey what's up guys I just want to give
you an update on the ebay auction for
the charity stuff that was going to do
the ebay auction ended it ended
Wednesday just making the video now it
got up to 102 dollars and fifty cents
there were 22 bids total let's see with
looks probably like maybe six or seven
different bidders so again it ended at
10 to 50 and I wait a couple days for
the the winner to to pay for the item
and I got no response at all which
wasn't a surprise they have zero
feedback towards the beginning it got up
to like I was a couple hundred dollars
or something and obviously it was fake
bids so that I just quickly you know got
rid of those people but because this
person was just just kind of over a
general amount of money that I thought
it was self for I mean it was a
reputable bitter i think at like 80
bucks or so but anyway i just figured
you know given the benefit the doubt
right well it turns out that they had no
interest at all in buying this and in
fact the winter had there well I had an
address and a phone number that was
attached to the information when i went
to send an invoice so i thought all
right cool you know maybe that's
actually legit so i called the number
and i got an older woman on the phone
and very nice briefly hey and i asked
for the person's name i'm not going to
give any information out in this video
at all but I asked for persons name she
said okay hold on a second and then I
hear in the background did you do
something with blah blah blah because
they had no idea who I was anyway the
person got the phone it was a boy um
obviously a younger teenager and I told
him what was going on I asked when you
know how and when he wished to pay for
the item that he won and he said I don't
have an ebay account don't know how you
got my address he seemed very confused
so what do you do you know so I made a
second chance offer to another
person who bid it was a lot lower and no
response at all so just like I thought
everyone talks up a big game but when it
comes down to actually forking over
money in this case something something
very nice you know a charity for
Christmas time it's just like I said
it's a lot of talk so I proved my point
the magazines did not sell at all and I
have no more money towards the the
charity thing now I have not picked the
charity yet I've narrowed down to a
couple we had a really a lot of great
suggestions so far I had two people who
donated money for the charity one was
like twenty dollars and the other one
was I think maybe like a dollar sixty or
something like that but um I'm still you
know still waiting for for christmas
time I have my fifty dollars so i put
aside for that and if no one else bit if
no one else send any money that's okay
that's a pretty good amount of money
about seventy five dollars total so I'm
like that which is pretty nice so I'm
not sure exactly what charity it's good
to go to yet but I'll figure it out but
I want to give you an update on this
stuff i tackle people ask me what
happened with the auction and that's
what it was like i said i called it ones
bluff out and that's pretty much what
happened it's it's all talk alright so
next time I throw something out don't
tell me goodbye it because you're not
all right let's just be honest with each
other and that's totally fine it's no
big deal but it was a test and it ended
how I thought it would end so that's all
kind of a bummer but what do you do
right anyway um I have some awesome
awesome videos coming huh I still gotta
burn my folks I just did a fresh pepper
review one of my peppers straight off my
plant that I have in the bedroom um it
was a mmm i want to say compel something
King Kong pad forget otay kung pow
that's what it was ty kung pao chili and
it was awesome and it's still burning me
alright guys that's they just want to
give you quick update on that I'm gonna
happen with it that is all I got plenty
of videos coming your way so take it
easy guys hope you enjoy the rescue day